The wise alligator bathes regularly with only the finest ponies in the land.

Disguises will serve you well.

Your best friends in life will likely be edible.

If you find something you love in life, bite on to its tail and never let go. (JqlGirl)

Teeth are transitory, nomming is eternal. (JqlGirl)

To nom is to love. (Fetchbeer)

Life is suffering, and cupcakes. (JqlGirl)

Enlightenment comes from the elimination of suffering, and leaves only cupcakes.

Absence makes the turnips grow fonder.

That which cannot be solved with meditation can be solved by a nice dip in the punch bowl.

The Pony Pokey: That's what it's all about. (JqlGirl)

There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that speaks to lint and rocks; it is a sword that bakes cupcakes.

Even death is not to be feared by one who has nommed wisely.

However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not nom the balloon?

Without nom life is not life; it is only a state of languor and suffering - an image of death.

Oatmeal is a fool's choice.

Music soothes the savage parasprite.

Eat your hay with a good spirit and a brilliant heart.

Nom not the baked bads.

Take everything in moderation including moderation. However, be especially weary of owning too many cats.

The wise alligator can learn from the wisdom of others. !gb om add can be used to teach him your gems of wisdom.

As a classy alligator, I don't always hang out with pastel-coloured pony girls... But when I do, it's in the bathtub. (Delta, http://fav.me/d415r90)

What is the sound of one hand clapping? -- Wait, what's a hand? (JqlGirl)

OM! (http://cobracookies.deviantart.com/art/Gator-Games-261395784)

When the party has ended, the afterparty has just begun.

In nom, peace.

Revel in the flavor of latex as you nom the balloon.

The taste of lead in your mouth means the Sonic Rainbomb is working.

In criticizing, the teacher is hoping to teach. That's all.

All know the Flavor, but few actually taste it.

Be mindful of deadlines, be realistic with consequence.

To party alone is to speak to the flour.

True friends will speak poisionous words at your request. Make requests of them wisely.

Writing is the hardest way of earning a living, with the possible exception of wrestling alligators. (Olin Miller)

Peace for the alligator is found in removing the need for a toothbrush.

Don't taunt the alligator until after you've crossed the creek. (Dan Rather)

It's not what you nom that matters, it's what you taste.

Stay thirsty my ponies.

Blink and the world blinks with you.

Be wary of nomming the ice cream koan.

What is life? Is it nothing more than the endless search for a cutie mark? And what is a cutie mark, but a constant reminder that we’re all only one bugbear attack away from oblivion? And what of the poor gator, flank, forever blank, destined to an existential swim down the river of life to an unknowable destiny?
